Hi and welcome to this course on memory management in C plus plus.
Now, before we dive into all the material that is waiting for you here,
let me introduce myself briefly.
My name is Andreas Haya and I'm a professor of engineering at a German university.
Also I do hold a PhD in computer science from Heidelberg University,
which is one of the oldest universities we have in
Germany and one of the most renowned also internationally.
I've been programming ever since I was 14,
starting with Pascal and then C plus plus,
something like 25 years ago.
During my time in the automotive industry I've created a number of interesting projects,
such as an autonomous braking system based on computer vision with Bush,
and more recently an autonomous parking
system,during my time as a project manager with phosphor.
On both of these projects,
C Plus Plus was the best choice we could
make to create these ambitious feats of engineering,
and maybe also of interest to you,
I have created a few other courses for Udacity such as the camera course in
the sensor fusion outdegree and also here the concurrency course in this degree.
So we will meet quite a few times over the next weeks and months.
Now, let's dive into memory management in C plus plus, which to me,
is one of the most interesting topics there is because
it really lets you get to the heart of the language.
After completing this course,
you will have a much deeper understanding of C plus plus.
That is something I can promise to you.
So let's have a look at the course content now.